# RyhmeBot_2
CSE250 project. 
RhymeBot
Finding Rhymes: Implement the following interface to take a list of words as input and finds the top k rhymes from a list of sentences based on a given pronunciation dictionary and prints them to the standard output:

<executableName> pronunciationDictionaryFilename sentenceListFilename k [<words>]

Where the list of words is separated by underscores. For example:

./a.out data/cmudict-0.7b data/sentenceList.txt 15 what_rhymes_with_this

This is the only functionality required for this assignment.

The results must be printed with one sentence per line and sorted in order of how well they rhyme with the given sentence with the best rhyme printed first. It is important the the result be formatted properly and that nothing other than the results are printed to the console.

Notice that there is no clear opportunity for initialization on this assignment. For the efficiency points you should lazily create your data structure(s) and save them to disk to be used on subsequent calls of program. In this way you can prevent wasting time processing the same information multiple times and quickly query the saved structures instead. You can assume that if the same filename is used on subsequent calls that the file contents have not changed between runs. Note: This is a dangerous assumption in general!


Data <-- Click here to download the data.
Pronunciation Dictionary

Source: http://www.speech.cs.cmu.edu/cgi-bin/cmudict

A rhyming dictionary is provided as part of the assignment and it's location will be given as the first command line parameter. This dictionary gives the pronunciation of ~134,000 english words. Any words that are given as input and do not appear on this list will have an unknown pronunciation and do not rhyme with any other word. Note that if a sentence ends with a word with known pronunciation and contains a word with unknown pronunciation that the sentence as a whole can still rhyme with the input and be returned as output.

The zip file contains the following files

cmudict-0.7b

The data set containing all the word pronunciations. The file path given as the first command line parameter will point to a copy of this file.
Specific details given below under "data format"
cmudict-0.7b-phones

A mapping of the different sounds to their type.
For the purpose of rhyming we are only concerned if a sound is a vowel or not. All non-vowel sounds will be treated the same and will be referred to as consonants
cmudict-0.7b-symbols

A complete list of the sound symbols that appear in the data. These are the same symbols from cmudict-0.7b-phones but the vowels have the addition of an integer defining their stress in the word. Our definition of a rhyme will match vowels with the same sound even if they have different stress.
Data format in cmudict-0.7b

The data is formatted with one word given per line. Each line is given as the word, two spaces, then the pronunciation with each sound separated by a space. 

COMPUTER  K AH0 M P Y UW1 T ER0 

Some words have multiple pronunciations that will be on separate lines with subsequent pronunciations indicated by an integer in parenthesis. 

COMPUTED  K AH0 M P Y UW1 T AH0 D
COMPUTED(1)  K AH0 M P Y UW1 T IH0 D

If a word has multiple pronunciations, all should be considered when searching for rhymes.
Multiple pronunciations can be ignored for this assignment. You can safely ignore any line in the pronunciation dictionary that contains parentheses.
Phrase List

This phrase list will be used as the list of sentences during testing. Each phrase was generated by concatenating a random adjective with a random noun. Parts of speech data was downloaded from Wordnet at Prinecton University (https://wordnet.princeton.edu/wordnet/download).

Web Front

*This web code is provided for those who are interested. It is not part of the assignment. This code will not work out of the box and must be setup on a CGI enabled server with your RhymeBot solution.

Definitions

Rhyming Suffix
The largest common suffix containing all the same sounds in the same order between two sentences. If vowels have the same phone with different stress they are considered to rhyme ("AA1 N EY0 L" and "AA0 N EY1 L" should be considered a rhyme, but not "EY0 L" and "EY0 G"). Note that there are many different definitions of a rhyme and it is important to follow this definition exactly.
Rhyming Syllables
The number of vowel sounds in the rhyming suffix of two sentences.
"IMPLAUSIBLE - IH2 M P L AO1 Z AH0 B AH0 L" and "REDOUBLE - R IY0 D AH1 B AH0 L" rhyme 2 syllables
"TRAVERSE APPLY - T R AE1 V ER0 S AH0 P L AY1" and "LARGE OVERSUPPLY - L AA1 R JH OW2 V ER0 S AH0 P L AY1" rhyme 3 syllables
"ORANGE - AO1 R AH0 N JH" and "LAZOR GRUNGE - L AA0 Z AO1 R G R AH1 N JH" rhyme 1 syllables
"REFINANCE - R IY2 F AH0 N AE1 N S" and "DATABASES - D EY1 T AH0 B EY2 S IH0 Z" rhyme 0 syllables
Best Rhyme
The sentence with the most rhyming syllables with the reference sentence ([<words>]).
To compare how "good" two rhymes are, compare the number of rhyming syllables they have with respect to the reference sentence. When printing the top k rhymes they must be printed according to this ordering with the best rhyme being printed first. Ties can be broken arbitrarily.

It might be useful to write helper functions to implement some or all of these definitions, but it is not required.
Find Best Rhyme (1 point)


Proper functionality when called with k equal to 1.

<executableName> dictionaryFilename sentenceListFilename 1 [<words>]

Top k Rhymes (1 point)


Proper functionality for any value of k.

<executableName> dictionaryFilename sentenceListFilename k [<words>]

Efficient Setup (1 point)


The first call must run in under 90 seconds. The dictionaryFilename and sentenceListFilename will remain constant across all calls and the first call can be used to create data structures and save them to disk to speed up subsequent calls.


Efficient Queries (1 point)


Calls after the first run in under 3 seconds on average. The dictionaryFilename and sentenceListFilename will remain constant across all calls.
